line: 4  keyword: int 
line: 7  keyword: char 
line: 8  keyword: int 
line: 11  keyword: while 
line: 14  keyword: sizeof 
line: 16  keyword: for 
line: 18  keyword: if 
line: 23  keyword: else 
line: 26  keyword: if 
line: 29  keyword: while 
line: 33  keyword: if 
line: 37  keyword: break 
line: 39  keyword: if 
line: 41  keyword: break 
line: 45  keyword: for 
line: 53  keyword: if 
line: 54  keyword: break 
line: 59  keyword: return 
line: 4  keyword: int 
line: 7  keyword: char 
line: 8  keyword: int 
line: 11  keyword: while 
line: 14  keyword: sizeof 
line: 16  keyword: for 
line: 18  keyword: if 
line: 23  keyword: else 
line: 26  keyword: if 
line: 29  keyword: while 
line: 33  keyword: if 
line: 37  keyword: break 
line: 39  keyword: if 
line: 41  keyword: break 
line: 45  keyword: for 
line: 53  keyword: if 
line: 54  keyword: break 
line: 59  keyword: return 
